(Sylvester) Squad Four has
initiated the retrieval of Akari
Hizamaru and Michelle K. Davis.
Just as planned.
(Sylvester) It's proving to be a
difficult task so they've
requested our help.
As it stands, we're on schedule
to complete all of our mission
objectives.
I assure you I'll kill anything
that stands in our way.
(Aaron) I don't think we're
gonna have any problems.
(Aaron) If the terraformars were
going to make a move, they'd
have done it by now.
Good. Then that settles it. We
will respond to their request
for help and honor our alliance.
In order to ensure the safety of
our squad, we'll split into two
groups.
And, uh, Alexander...
Yes?
I have a special
mission for you.
(Narrator) Akari Hizamaru and
Michelle K. Davis are in grave
danger.
(Narrator) After a week of
travel, the joint Squad has
reached the Annex One,
(Narrator) and fallen right into
Squad Four's trap.
(Narrator) Led by Liu Yiwu,
Squad Four plans to seize Akari
and Michelle for
experimentation.
(Narrator) But, Captain Komachi
has stormed the enemy camp to
stop Squad Four's betrayal and
save his crew.
(Shokichi) This ends now!
Now you all listen to me. I've
injected your leader here with
hornet venom.
He's paralyzed and experiencing
a pain that no words could
adequately describe.
(Shokichi) At this rate, he will
die.
(Shokichi) By now the venom has
reached his eyes, blinding him.
(Shokichi) Soon gangrene will
overwhelm his extremities, and
his cardiopulmonary system will
cease to function .
(Shokichi) He will die a slow
and agonizing death.
(Shokichi) But there is an
antidote. It's part of my
distinctive weapon.
(Shokichi) I've never found a
benefit for having it.
It even lowered my Mars Ranking.
But now I've discovered its
perfect use.
(Shokichi) Squad Four...
Surrender now!
[Screams]
I've got you now...hornet!
What I'm about to ask of you may
sounds crazy, but do not worry
about me!
What?
Shoot his legs!
[Growls]
Open fire!
[Grunts]
Artificial metamorphosis!
It's been fun, Captain.
Play times over.
Has it fully sunk in yet? That
victory belongs to us.
[Gasps]
I can see betrayal is foreign to
you, Captain.
But I'm sure you can appreciate
the complexity of our plan.
(Liu) It is naive to think
that we are all working
toward one united goal.
(Liu) Our M.A.R.S. rankings, our
files, even the bases of our
genetic procedures,
(Liu) were meticulously tailored
in order to gain the upper hand
when fighting other humans.
(Liu) Contrary to what you
thought, my base is not the
anaconda.
(Liu) That would be too obvious.
My base...
Is the blue-ringed octopus!
It is endowed with the potent
neurotoxin known as
tetrodotoxin.
(Liu) This chemical cocktail is
potent enough to kill twenty-six
adult humans.
(Liu) Though in minute doses, it
can have therapeutic benefits
for pain.
(Liu) In other words, I can
completely block the effects of
your precious little hornet
venom.
(Liu) I feel nothing at all!
Now then.
I want the captain's wounds
tended to. He's our hostage now.
Hong! Get me in touch with
Michelle Davis.
Uh, right! You can do it
Hong! Don't mess this up.
I'm a lousy hostage.
Why's that?
That's not good.
General Liu, it looks like
they're trying to escape!
Who's on board
those vehicles?
I'm sorry, sir!
I don't know.
Quite the conundrum. Safe to
assume Michelle is piloting one
unit while Akari pilots the
other. Correct?
There are a number of ways I
could get them to return.
They know what they need to do.
They're much smarter than you
think.
(Shokichi) They know to
retreat. Regroup. Reorganize. To
create a new plan of attack.
They will not return here
unprepared. Go ahead.
It won't matter how loudly you
broadcast my screams.
I hate to admit it, but I
believe you're telling the
truth.
So then let's cut the crap.
If you're willing to negotiate
their surrender...
I may be of a mind to spare you
your life, Captain.
What do you say?
You were always such a terrible
liar, you know. I think I'll
pass.
You've called my bluff.
Can't blame a guy for trying.
Well then. I guess this, is
goodbye.
[Screams]
[Groans]
You have a rather eager
trigger finger there, Boa.
Oh, my apologies, sir. The
captain himself proved he is a
useless hostage.
I felt he was intentionally
stalling us so our targets could
get farther away.
Good point. Our situation only
becomes more dire the longer we
stand around wasting time.
Issue a final warning to vessel
one.
If they don't respond, fire on
the second vessel.
Wait...
Hmm?
(Hong) Bao, how did you adjust
the AA gun to target Shokichi?
(Hong) I mean...
Doesn't that gun only target
terraformars in motion?
I don't feel good.
Hong! Don't breath.
It's a chemical weapon!
Where's it coming from?
Are you guys seeing what I'm
seeing?
Was it all an illusion?
General Liu!
Captain Komachi's
body, it's vanished!
[Grunts] It's not the
hallucinations I'm worried
about.
(Liu) It's how poisonous this
toxin is. If Berke hadn't
noticed, it could have been
fatal.
This was an attempt to kill us.
It must be him.
(Liu) I forget we aren't the
only military men on Mars. This
poison gas is Ivan Perepelkin's
weapon!
(Liu) The Russians.
Hey, Ivan.
What do you suppose they're all
hallucinating about back there?
[Grunts]
[Gasps]
(Kanako) Captain!
[Crying]
Thank you! Thank you so much!
Come now, don't thank us yet.
No wait, please!
What?
Don't worry, I just want to help
patch you up.
(Ivan) Certain compounds from
the "Devil's Trumpet" act as an
anesthetic.
A small dose will help ease the
pain.
Thank you.
Too much of it though, and
you'll be seeing hallucinations
in no time.
Just depends on your physiology.
(Ivan) One may experience
euphoria, while another,
crippling fear.
(Ivan) Though I imagine the ones
who aren't thrashing about are
having pleasant dreams.
(Liu) So that's how they did it,
huh? A tunnel.
Missile status!
(Zheng) Missiles are fully
operational! We're still locked
on to Units 1 and 2.
We're not safe here, General.
There's no telling what they
have in those tunnels!
Relax. We know they didn't come
equipped with any explosives.
(Liu) But the crew members
themselves are dangerous.
(Jet) General!
They're coming! Zheng, hurry up
and prepare a missile!
(Zheng) But, the
anti-air shield is...
Move your ass!
Too late. You
can't stop it.
Huh?
Take cover!
(Sergei) So far, we've been
relying on short-range defensive
weapons.
(Sergei) But since this is war,
we need to be more aggressive.
Think outside the box.
[Grunts]
Heh.
Huh?
[Terrified Gasp]
[Screams]
(Sylvester) What are those,
firecrackers?
I could have sworn I felt an
annoying little itch on my back.
[Screams]
(Sylvester) It's so nice to see
you again, my cherished
shipmates.
As of today, we're proud to
announce the Russian Federation
Space Army has allied with the
US-Japanese forces.
(Sylvester) Prepare yourselves.
Once we have confirmation Kanako
is heading towards Squad Three,
we'll take off.
Our goal is to rendezvous
with Squad Six.
Squad Six?
Their leader is Joseph. We're
going to give Squad Four one
hell of a fight.
(Michelle) I'm not sure how
heavily we can rely on Joseph.
But we're out of options.
There's our sign.
I can't believe they actually
came. Squad Three stood by us in
our greatest time of need.
(Liu) I'm thinking about
launching some missiles
at you.
So what do we do then?
If they're after me and
Michelle, they're not gonna
just let us drive away.
While we wait here like sitting
ducks, they're busy locking
their weapons on to us.
You guys have a chance if we
hand ourselves over!
(Shokichi) We call for backup.
Backup?
Squad Three? What would they
gain by risking their lives to
save ours?
There's no sensible reason for
them to assist us.
(Shokichi) I imagine the
politics of Squad Three and
Four's nations make them more
comfortable allies.
(Shokichi) But that all might be
changing soon.
What's happened since we left
Earth?
(Shokichi) Kanako!
(Kanako) Sir!
I'll buy you some time.
Use it to request help from
Squad Three.
They're here, Captain.
They're here.
I have to admit those masks are
a bit of a disappointment.
If everything had gone according
to plan, Ivan's little gas
attack here would have wiped you
all out.
How is it your leg sustained
damage, and yet it appears
to be untouched?
That wouldn't be possible if
your base was truly anaconda.
Ivan's toxic vapor has already
dissipated, but that guy's still
wearing his mask, meaning he
must be of the crustacean-type.
(Sylvester) So I'd say it's best
he keeps it on.
Considering you're releasing a
lethal amount of hapalotoxin
into the air.
Phew!
Tetrodotoxin is ineffective
against crustacean types, so
you also have hapalotoxin in
order to prey on them.
Which can only mean...
Your base can be none other than
that of the blue-ringed octopus!
And unfortunately your base
is a common crustacean.
(Liu) The Tasmanian Giant Crab.
And I'd be in some serious
trouble too if I just sat here
chewing the fat with you, so...
(Sylvester) I'll level the
playing field by wearing a mask,
and avoid the problem all
together.
(Sylvester) I'd like you to
know, I never planned on
fighting you .
But that changed
the second I discovered
you started this war.
(Alexander) Sir, the landing
location for Squad Four isn't
what it should be.
(Sylvester) How could they?
(Sylvester) It was them! They
taught the bugs everything!
This war is your fault, you
bastard! [Grunts]
[Screaming]
Voice command: Bao.
[Grunts]
Huh?
Fire manually. [Gasps]
[Grunting]
Ahh!
No way!
Crustacean shells are
resilient, don't let up on him!
(Bao) What the hell is he made
of?
[Growling]
[Grunting]
Sayonara!
Damn punks!
You could really hurt someone
with that thing!
Whoa.
He's a monster.
Sylvester Asimov.
You'll regret crossing me.
Uhh.
Our primary objective was to
capture Akari Hizamaru.
He was the first subject
specifically engineered for the
Mosaic Organ project.
Michelle K. Davis was to be our
insurance.
To be able to study that
scientific know how within them.
I thought Russia shared the same
desire for knowledge.
That's why we cooperated in
instigating Plan Delta,
marooning us on this forsaken
planet.
Our goal today is the same as it
was the day we left home.
We're here to find a cure so we
can eradicate the A.E. virus
back on Earth.
I think it's in your best
interest,
for you and your remaining crew
to move forward with our initial
plan to capture Akari Hizamaru.
The Chinese nation is more
equipped to lead a rescue
mission to Mars.
We have already prepared a
rescue ship loaded with our
finest tactical weapons.
(Chinese Leader) And of course,
we will continue with Annex
One's mission.
We're running out of time,
Shichisei.
"Meanwhile: Japan, Saitama
Prefecture, Azaura City."
[Pained Groans]
(Shichisei) Hyuga, Someya, help
me escort him to the car.
Shichisei.
Who are those guys?
Russians, if I were
to wager a guess.
Is that so? We got
here just in time.
(Chinese Leader) Our nations
partisan research has failed to
turn up substantial
progress.
Therefor, I believe we
should establish a joint
research organization.
Don't you all agree?
[Phone Ringing]
Shichisei?
Hmm. I see. That's excellent
news.
Could you please put him on the
line?
(Hiruma) Hello Professor, it's
been awhile. Thank you for your
cooperation. We'll be in touch.
As I was saying, my country
could provide the funds and the
facilities. And each country
could...
We've secured Professor Kou
Honda.
[Gasps] Could you repeat that
Hiruma?
[Clears Throat]
(Hiruma) Professor Honda. The
man responsible for creating
Akari Hizamaru.
Ludicrous!
(Snorresson) How can that be?
Professor Honda was reported
dead twenty years ago!
(Hiruma) I just talked to him on
the phone myself. He seemed fine
to me.
[Grunts]
I have no further comments.
Pardon the interruption.
Hang on a minute! Are you sure
you have nothing more to add?
Well I'll be. His story checks
out.
(Sylvester) Alliances are
fragile, ever changing things.
And if your goal isn't to save
those infected back home, then
consider yourself my enemy.
The weak and sickly
are not my concern.
If you align yourself with
US-Japan forces, we won't hold
back.
You know, that's awfully tough
talk coming from a man who's
main weapons,
or should I say precious toys
have just been smashed to
pieces.
Oh, the guns were never meant
for you or your team.
If we must fight, I won't need
anymore than my own hands to end
you.
Do you know whose
subordinates you killed? Give
these traitors, Sign A!
Don't stop until we have the
Annex facility back under our
control!
Da!
Come on you eight-legged freak!
Let's crack that shell of yours
and see what you're truly made
of!
Ahh!
Come on! Let's handle the
others!
Don't let them interfere!
You're foolish to resist our
countries mission.
(Aaron) You're country is
foolish to stand in opposition
to the entire world!
[Grunts]
[Grunting]
Good.
[Grunts]
[Groans]
(Borgijin) A crustacean? Or a
beetle?
No it couldn't be. Some type of
centipede I bet.
[Grunts]
(Liu) Asimov's shell protects
him by absorbing the shocks of
my strikes.
(Liu) But his joints are
vulnerable. I just need to hold
out until the toxins take
affect.
(Sylvester) He's too fast. I
can't strike while deflecting
his attacks.
(Sylvester) But if I could
constrict his spine, that should
slow him down nicely.
[Grunting]
[Grunts]
(Liu) Shit. He's doing better
than I expected.
(Liu) At this rate, my endurance
will run out before the toxin
takes effect.
(Liu) I just need to tip the
scales.
[Grunting]
[Screams]
Time to dine!
"Prey"
(Sylvester) Heh!
Foam?!
[Inhales]
(Liu) Trying to throw me?
[Groans]
His weight dropped.
(Sylvester) He's shifted his
center of gravity!
[Screams]
[Grunts]
[Groans]
[Grunting]
[Gasps]
The canals in your inner ears
have just ruptured. I suggest
you lay still and play dead.
[Grunts]
A fa jin practitioner?
You've made a fatal mistake in
assuming we are all just
helpless engineers without our
weapons.
You should have never betrayed
us, Asimov.
(Liu) Did you think that once
you withdrew your support, we'd
surrender? How foolish! We will
never surrender.
We don't need you!
[Groans]
Aaron! Nina! [Groans]
What's the matter? Out of
rousing speeches?
You don't have to fight anymore,
Papa.
You pathetic traitors!
Don't forget you betrayed us!
But you have betrayed the entire
human race!
(Terraformar) Jo! Jo-ji!